Problem Definition
Hypothesis Generation
Data Collection/Extraction
Data Exploration and Transformation
Predective Modeling
Model Deployment/Exploration

WHY EDA:
1. Draw insights and inferences from data that help us in
        Variable Identification(What dtype)
        Behaviour of variables(The range of values)
        Relationship between variables(correlation)
2. Check for Data Consistency
        All teh data is present ? 
        any missing ?
        any outliers ?
3. Feature engineering
        gives ideas for feature engineering

All three above
        Insights of data
        Data consistency
        Feature Engineering
    are bed rock for predictive modelling, 
    EDA can make or brake PREDICTIVE MODELLING

EDA STEPS: 5 steps
    1. Variable identification - dtype
    2. Univariate analysis (numeric- categorical): analyse charecteristics of a variable using    statistics
    3. Bivariate analysis shows how 2 feature depend or analyze with each other
    4. Missing value treatment : Why they are missing and any patterns in missing data
    5. Outlier Removal

Important statistics for EDA:
        Statistics is science of analysis and iterpretation of data
        with rules and concepts required.

        Univariate Analysis: central tendencies(Mean, median, mode, Range)
                             distributions
                             spread of data

        Bivariate Analysis: 
            relationship between variables -  Correlation and covariance,
            Similarity/ Hypothesis testing : Z-test and chi-square test

                Example: Gender vs height
                        Is Male and Female group different., gender difference on heights

                        Is the difference significant enough ?
            Experiments: T-tests(one sample, paired, two-sample) quantify if experiments are success or not

            Population estimation: Central Limit theorem
                            Draw a complete big picture based on the sample
Statistics quantify and explain the EDA
Descriptive Statistics: 
            Summarization of data
            Central tendency
            spread of data
            relation between variables

Inferential Statistics:
            Approximation
            Sampling
            Error analysis of the sample

    
Probalibility:
Random Experiment
Sample Space
Event
P(Event) = count of outcomes of in an event
            --------------------------------
            count of outcomes in the sample space

Complement of an event : All element in sample space but not in a event
Intersection : collection of all outcomes that are common in events
        Among all customers who default, what is the probability of one being no checking account and savings to default

Union : All outcomes from any of the event

ADDITIVE RULE OF THE PROBABILITY: 
            P(A U M) = P(A) + P(B) - P(A ^ B)

AXIOMS OF PROBABILITY:

